All right guys, in this video I want to
create the Fuji mountains,
a landscape mountain. Look at this.
We have some trees, folks,
and snowy mountain.
Okay, we only have to create this huge
forest
and and a huge landscape mountain.
Okay, let's go.
Okay, first thing first, open the
editor.
After that, go to games, select third
person as template.
Uh, set project name Fuji Mountain.
Hit create.
Okay. Now, let's go here to the file,
create new level. Uh, click here, empty
level, hit create. After that we have to
save current level.
Name it Fuji.
Go to landscape mode
port height map height map file. Choose
the Fuji mode height map. After this you
have to set up the speed of the camera.
Hit import.
Now go to the window
environment light mixer create skylight
directional light sky atmosphere
volutric cloud create height fog and
finally
enable the volutric fog.
Okay, this is the fji mountain at the
first look. Now let's add a material for
this fuji mountain. The height map the
link in this description.
Let's go here to add. Go to Fab.
Search for MW
landscape.
MW landscape auto material. Download
this and add it to my project.
It takes some time to download.
After downloading this, let's search for
trees. Spruce
tree
filter price set price to free.
I want to use this
temp vegetation plus forest add to my
project.
Choose the previous final version.
Now, let's go right here and search for
grass
price for free.
So, this wild grass
add to my project.
This one.
And this makes the grass.
Okay, I think we are done for importing
all the materials.
Let's return here to selection mode.
Save all.
Now let's add my Fuji mountain
material MW landscape auto material
material landscape.
Okay, click here and here.
Select landscape
right here. Once it's selected, press
this button.
This post
to add the material to the landscape.
This takes some time because
the material the height map is heavy.
Okay. Fine,
this is we are done of
creating my FG model. Let's add my pre
character right here.
Play start.
Okay.
Okay. This is the Fuji mountain.
Okay, let's add some trees
right here.
Let's return right here. And let's go
here. The fab
not grass
this one
and go right here.
Search for static mesh.
Okay, let's choose some trees. One of
this
Drop the f right here.
Okay,
let's begin the foolish.
What's the problem?
Ctrl Z
to deselect all of them and select one
of them here.
These select the others
density three
brush size.
Okay.
Okay. Now let's choose the other one.
They select this.
Choose this for example.
Ctrl Z.
Okay. One trees.
Make the same thing the scale X
0.8
to 1.3.
Make the brush size right here.
Let's cover all of those space.
And the Fuji mountain is a bigger
mountain. Look at this. It's very huge.
Okay. No,
those
one
and one.
Okay, I think we are done. And let's see
the works.
work.
Okay, I think it's fine. Okay, thank you
guys for watching.
I'm we are finished from creating this
pushy mountains
here.
Okay, see you later in the next
tutorial. Uh, subscribe to the channel.
Hit like, comment,